[Music]
okay Hey these two beauties What are they
as a recommendation I think you're
a guy older than me quite an adult and at
this point it seems to me that this I
know that what I said is fine and
as a recommendation I think you're a
guy older than me quite an adult and at
this point it seems to me that the one who
is disrespecting is you okay No
me Then nothing That's what I have
to say this What is to the lerl no that
puts her puts her on the screen dancing no
and starts making weird noises well
each one is of the condition that is clear
here Juan says dasas blocked us many
for making ugly what happened to Lina's mother
included that is why we are
all gathered here today and Do
you think that RAE after
listening to you today do you think that she will
calm down a little or will continue giving Giving is not
a person who no no does not have
control has a control problem yes I think so I think
eh wizard I think so
monet and now you put me in doubt Yes yes I
did it I did it eh has a
control problem has a problem  control
much more than what has already been given I don't
think because I have said that there are two
things here there are two but apart from uncle
and us no I don't think that nobody I say
us Because I say that I think that
nobody in this chat supported what
dlas said about ra's mother
independently or asking us
where he gets it from why he says it or whatever
okay but RAE has this tweet for
example look m pambi a pambisito is not
people and you know who is in prison the
new one the egg inside the organs of
your absent mother I mean look at what
he said to the mother of a pambisito
because they are pambisitos not the egg inside
the organs of your absent mother then
yes we ask for it but anyway
Look for coherence not possibilities or he is
a very bad person of course or he is a
person who has a problem because the
attitudes that he has are not normal
never never I mean that Poor man is that he
cannot behave like a
normal person and I say either he is a very
bad person or he has a problem okay eh
I don't know if he has anger problems or he is
someone who is desperate to
want relevance attention that
people are talking  of him wants to
take advantage of his moment to be able to try to get
people Uh empathize with him I
have no slightest idea and really a
kiss arnex This was for him or rather the
perfect hook and I know that when
this happened when I hang up And I continue with my life
in real life I said I have to
prepare myself because this is going to have me here
hooked for a few days or even
weeks or suddenly As far as it
goes But at least what topic they're talking about well they're
talking about that the other day ra this
We were watching here what happens is I do
n't know what tract is ra he he
's hooked up with this girl with
Lina who is a trusted follower of ours okay trusted followers
trusted followers Yes well a person
that we've known for a while No that she's a
follower not of those that we know and and he
takes it out on her because he says that she
has messed with his mother or rather raed
says that Lina has said what the same
as d about the mother no what she said about
e about that if the mother had died
in jail because of Ray I don't know what
something like that Dallas said no well so
what  Lina had said it and since it
wasn't ugly Lina was ugly but well
ra goes as he goes he doesn't think goes Uh
insulting in a very violent way we are already
seeing it every day is that we
are seeing it but if it is that with
raed Look let's finish listening to
Lina and let's start with the topics
okay but that with raed we already saw it coming
when we got along with him I mean ra
no he doesn't have the ducks in line I mean
he was in charge Thank you very much Oriana Garrido
who has sent 20 family members Hey
give a hug to a a Oriana 20 pieces of
non-family members eye eh eye eh Thank you
very much Thank you What does he say
What does he say sk what did he say col sent
super chat here he sent some writings
ugh what people have shown me
until today is that they understood
what I said I am happy about that
maybe yes I admit that it is something that
annoys me because I think that it does not
cause anyone Thank you this type of things are still
something bad but I think I am I
think that if someone  he's having a bad time I think
sometimes I feel like I'm having a harder time
than him worse than him
because I can see that his thing is a
joke and that's it but apart from
messing with The Followers or rather the
laser he puts this girl on the screen
the video of her dancing he put it
like here like an object on the screen I
don't know if it's an alert Or what it is
and the other day he put her on the
screen and he started making
weird noises he doesn't continue Lina continues she's
giving me the stone and obviously I have
something prepared to say to him In case he continues
with the subject Because he still has to
walk around on his tour that he's doing
in all the places where they
interview him they speak publicly and every
time he can he brings up the subject it's just that it ca
n't be there hasn't been a
single time that he hasn't stopped I mean it's every
day in all the spaces he's
talking kelina quelina kelina quelina and
boy there are even points where
people are already talking about something else and
another 10 about Oriana Hey guys give everything
lots and lots of hearts to Oriana
just sent another 10 members What's
going on here today Oriana is faning the
fact of repeating those words the same is going to be
with you I mean you can't even
quote but it's that but but if
the comment is in fact no but it's a
search for logic it doesn't make any sense and he
hammers on the subject and Ah okay well And
then and They keep talking about what they are
you realize and you say boy
that people know that what I said
is not what you're saying but they're not
going to tell you because it doesn't suit them
because Obviously the guy has a bit
of relevance the people are there in the
spotlight because he is right now the instrument
to attack Dallas so well he
has to take advantage of his op But there are
people that there are people who literally
use ra to attack Dallas well
[Music]